#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/local.txt requirements/local.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
algoliasearch==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   algoliasearch-django
    #   taxonomy-connector
algoliasearch-django==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astroid==3.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   semgrep
    #   trio
    #   zeep
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   taxonomy-connector
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
    #   semgrep
boto3==1.37.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-ses
botocore==1.37.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wcmatch
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
cairocffi==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-option-group
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   semgrep
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
click-option-group==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
    #   tox
contentful==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coverage[toml]==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cairosvg
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   semgrep
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   algoliasearch-django
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-choices
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-dynamic-filenames
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   django-nine
    #   django-parler
    #   django-ses
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-solo
    #   django-stdimage
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   taxonomy-connector
    #   xss-utils
django-admin-sortable2==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-autocomplete-light==3.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-choices==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-compressor==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-libsass
django-config-models==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-debug-toolbar==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/local.in
django-dry-rest-permissions==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-dynamic-filenames==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-elasticsearch-debug-toolbar==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/local.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-fsm==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-localflavor==4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-multiselectfield==0.1.13
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-nested-admin==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-nine==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-object-actions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-ses==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-simple-history==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-sortedm2m==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-stdimage==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-storages==1.14.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-taggit-autosuggest
django-taggit-autosuggest==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   taxonomy-connector
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-flex-fields==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-api-doc-tools==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-events
    #   taxonomy-connector
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-redis==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
edx-lint==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
    #   taxonomy-connector
edx-rest-api-client==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
execnet==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
getsmarter-api-clients==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
glom==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.166.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   gspread
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   gspread
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
gspread==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wsproto
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trio
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
libsass==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-libsass
lxml[html-clean]==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   zeep
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lxml
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   simple-salesforce
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==10.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openai==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
openedx-atlas==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-events==9.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   taxonomy-connector
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-nine
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   semgrep
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
path==16.16.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
peewee==3.17.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-stdimage
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
    #   zeep
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/local.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httplib2
pyproject-api==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   urllib3
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-responses
    #   pytest-split
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-responses==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-split==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   contentful
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   freezegun
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-monkey-business==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-nested-admin
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python-stdnum==1.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-localflavor
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   taxonomy-connector
    #   zeep
pywatchman==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/local.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   responses
rcssmin==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   walrus
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   algoliasearch
    #   contentful
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   openai
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   semgrep
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   slumber
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
responses==0.25.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-responses
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
rjsmin==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
semgrep==1.52.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
snowflake-connector-python==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
taxonomy-connector==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tomli==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tox==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openai
trio==0.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   selenium
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   semgrep
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   kombu
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
    #   semgrep
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
walrus==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
wcmatch==8.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   semgrep
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   trio-websocket
xss-utils==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   aiohttp
zeep==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   simple-salesforce
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
