#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/production.txt requirements/production.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
algoliasearch==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   algoliasearch-django
    #   taxonomy-connector
algoliasearch-django==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   openedx-events
    #   zeep
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.36.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ses
botocore==1.36.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
cairocffi==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
contentful==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cairosvg
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.19
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   algoliasearch-django
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-choices
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-dynamic-filenames
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   django-nine
    #   django-parler
    #   django-ses
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-solo
    #   django-stdimage
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   taxonomy-connector
    #   xss-utils
django-admin-sortable2==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-autocomplete-light==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-choices==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-compressor==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-libsass
django-config-models==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dry-rest-permissions==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-dynamic-filenames==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-fsm==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-localflavor==4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-multi-email-field==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-multiselectfield==0.1.13
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-nested-admin==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-nine==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-object-actions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ses==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-simple-history==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
django-sortedm2m==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-stdimage==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.14.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-taggit-autosuggest
django-taggit-autosuggest==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   taxonomy-connector
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-flex-fields==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-analytics-data-api-client==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-api-doc-tools==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-events
    #   taxonomy-connector
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-event-bus-redis==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
    #   taxonomy-connector
edx-rest-api-client==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
getsmarter-api-clients==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
gevent==24.11.1
    # via -r requirements/production.in
google-api-core==2.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.161.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   gspread
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gspread
googleapis-common-protos==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via gevent
gspread==6.1.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements/production.in
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
libsass==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-libsass
lxml[html-clean]==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   zeep
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lxml
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   simple-salesforce
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/production.in
newrelic==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openai==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   taxonomy-connector
openedx-atlas==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
openedx-events==9.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   taxonomy-connector
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-nine
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-stdimage
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zeep
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/production.in
pymongo==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   contentful
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/production.in
python-monkey-business==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-nested-admin
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python-stdnum==1.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-localflavor
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   taxonomy-connector
    #   zeep
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/production.in
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
rcssmin==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   walrus
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   algoliasearch
    #   contentful
    #   edx-analytics-data-api-client
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   openai
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
rjsmin==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-compressor
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python==3.13.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
taxonomy-connector==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
walrus==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
xss-utils==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zeep==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   simple-salesforce
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
